Update SuperPoint model card (#38896)
huggingface/transformers: docs/source/en/model_doc/superpoint.md

⚠️ Note that this file is in Markdown but contain specific syntax for our doc-builder (similar to MDX) that may not be
rendered properly in your Markdown viewer.

-->

<div style="float: right;">
    <div class="flex flex-wrap space-x-1">
        <img alt="PyTorch" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/PyTorch-DE3412?style=flat&logo=pytorch&logoColor=white" >
    </div>
</div>

# SuperPoint

> [SuperPoint](https://huggingface.co/papers/1712.07629) is the result of a self-supervised training of a fully-convolutional network for interest point detection and description. The model is able to detect interest points that are repeatable under homographic transformations and provide a descriptor for each point. The use of the model in its own is limited, but it can be used as a feature extractor for other tasks such as homography estimation, image matching, etc.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[SuperPoint](https://huggingface.co/papers/1712.07629) is the result of self-supervised training of a fully-convolutional network for interest point detection and description. The model is able to detect interest points that are repeatable under homographic transformations and provide a descriptor for each point. Usage on it's own is limited, but it can be used as a feature extractor for other tasks such as homography estimation and image matching.
```

> You can find all the original SuperPoint checkpoints under the [SuperPoint](https://huggingface.co/magic-leap-community/superpoint) repository.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can find all the original SuperPoint checkpoints under the [Magic Leap Community](https://huggingface.co/magic-leap-community) organization.
```

> > [!TIP]
> > Click on the SuperPoint models in the right sidebar for more examples of how to apply SuperPoint to different computer vision tasks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> [!TIP]
> This model was contributed by [stevenbucaille](https://huggingface.co/stevenbucaille).
>
> Click on the SuperPoint models in the right sidebar for more examples of how to apply SuperPoint to different computer vision tasks.
```

> <img src="https://huggingface.co/datasets/huggingface/documentation-images/resolve/main/transformers/model_doc/superpoint_architecture.png"

Reviewer: Let's move the image right after the first paragraph

alt="drawing" width="500"/>

> <small> SuperPoint overview. Taken from the <a href="https://huggingface.co/papers/1712.07629v4">original paper.</a> </small>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

model = SuperPointForKeypointDetection.from_pretrained("magic-leap-community/superpoint")

inputs = processor(image, return_tensors="pt")
with torch.no_grad():
    outputs = model(**inputs)

# Post-process to get keypoints, scores, and descriptors
image_size = (image.height, image.width)
processed_outputs = processor.post_process_keypoint_detection(outputs, [image_size])
```

</hfoption>
</hfoptions>

## Notes

- SuperPoint outputs a dynamic number of keypoints per image, which makes it suitable for tasks requiring variable-length feature representations.

> ```py

Reviewer: Indent the code block

model = SuperPointForKeypointDetection.from_pretrained("magic-leap-community/superpoint")
url_image_1 = "http://images.cocodataset.org/val2017/000000039769.jpg"
image_1 = Image.open(requests.get(url_image_1, stream=True).raw)
url_image_2 = "http://images.cocodataset.org/test-stuff2017/000000000568.jpg"
image_2 = Image.open(requests.get(url_image_2, stream=True).raw)
images = [image_1, image_2]
inputs = processor(images, return_tensors="pt")
# Example of handling dynamic keypoint output
outputs = model(**inputs)
keypoints = outputs.keypoints  # Shape varies per image
scores = outputs.scores        # Confidence scores for each keypoint
descriptors = outputs.descriptors  # 256-dimensional descriptors
mask = outputs.mask # Value of 1 corresponds to a keypoint detection
```

- The model provides both keypoint coordinates and their corresponding descriptors (256-dimensional vectors) in a single forward pass.
- For batch processing with multiple images, you need to use the mask attribute to retrieve the respective information for each image. You can use the `post_process_keypoint_detection` from the `SuperPointImageProcessor` to retrieve the each image information.

> ```py

Reviewer: Also indent this code block

# Batch processing example
images = [image1, image2, image3]
inputs = processor(images, return_tensors="pt")
outputs = model(**inputs)
image_sizes = [(img.height, img.width) for img in images]
processed_outputs = processor.post_process_keypoint_detection(outputs, image_sizes)
```

- You can then print the keypoints on the image of your choice to visualize the result:

> ```pyq

Reviewer: Indent as well

```suggestion
```py
```

```
![image/png](https://cdn-uploads.huggingface.co/production/uploads/632885ba1558dac67c440aa8/ZtFmphEhx8tcbEQqOolyE.png)

## Resources

> The resources provided in the following sections consist of a list of official Hugging Face and community (indicated by 🌎) resources to help you get started with SuperPoint. If you're interested in submitting a resource to be included here, please feel free to open a Pull Request and we'll review it! The resource should ideally demonstrate something new instead of duplicating an existing resource.

Reviewer: Replace all the resources with only external links:

```md
Refer to this [noteboook](https://github.com/NielsRogge/Transformers-Tutorials/blob/master/SuperPoint/Inference_with_SuperPoint_to_detect_interest_points_in_an_image.ipynb) for an inference and visualization example.
```

This model was contributed by [stevenbucaille](https://huggingface.co/stevenbucaille).
The original code can be found [here](https://github.com/magicleap/SuperPointPretrainedNetwork).

<PipelineTag pipeline="keypoint-detection"/>

- [`SuperPointForKeypointDetection`] is supported by this [example script](https://github.com/huggingface/transformers/tree/main/examples/pytorch/vision) and [notebook](https://colab.research.google.com/github/huggingface/notebooks/blob/main/examples/keypoint_detection.ipynb).

> - Check the [Keypoint detection task guide](../tasks/keypoint_detection) on how to use the model.

Reviewer: Can remove all of this

> **Visualization and inference**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

## SuperPointImageProcessor

> [[autodoc]] SuperPointImageProcessor

Reviewer: No need to change any of these `[[autodoc]]` classes here
